Hey, everybody.
Hello everyone.
Hello.
No.
Hello, good afternoon.
Hello.
Good afternoon, everyone.
It's going to be a quick meeting at this
rate.
Is the mentor supposed to join as well
today?
Yes,
and I think this is the second time I've
noted on the attendees that he's not on
the list of invitees,
so he may end up getting a phone call
directly again to say, hey, can you join?
Yeah, I mean,
I believe last time they said they had a
special way to reconnect to them.
So we'll see.
Yeah, yeah,
I know recording and transcription is
starting on this meeting.
So whoever heard that commentary,
I hope we'll be able to fix out to make
sure his life is easier and all of ours
OK.
is too.
Sure.
I was just doing my mic check so you can
hear me all right.
Check. Check.
OK.
Blackbar,
do you want to go ahead and we just get
started anyway so we can just help each
other out?
Yeah, I think so.
Seems like no one is here yet. Yeah,
we can just, you know,
record whatever we have and then,
you know,
hopefully they can see that later on.
Yeah.
So yeah,
I'm gonna let you go this first SM we've
been displaying.
All the time, so OK.
Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no worries.
I mean, it's, I know it's dancing balls.
I mean, we had,
I think really for us at this point,
we've been spending, you know,
we obviously since last time we uploaded
all the material,
got feedback on the stuff uploaded.
For our grades and so on.
But we've been working on starting to
build the dots and connect the dots.
So we've got a set up a SQL Server back
end,
got the middle where kind of connectivity
set up, got the.
App code of the agents set up and got the
kind of framing around all of that done.
And then you know,
we also got you know some working
elements of the streaming code on the
front end up and running so.
You know,
between the last time we were met now is
we've, you know, mocked that out,
started to build it out.
We're starting to add a bit more
capabilities and candidly where we're at
now is starting to link each of the
pieces together and starting just to go
through the hurdles of front end
connecting to the server side to the data.
Data-based side and then starting to see
kind of what the responses are starting
to come through. So as an internal team,
you know the the broader questions we're
starting to have is how do you reduce the
number of hallucinations and responses
back from the LLM?
How do we make sure that you can set
things up appropriately? You know,
figuring out, you know,
just getting all the setup going.
And that's really the challenges now is
just more kind of the the hooking of all
the components together.
That's really where we're at as a team
and that's the work that we'll continue
to do between now.
And the 20th,
which I'm assuming is our next milestone
update just to show based upon the D2L in
material is yeah,
hopefully it's OK to have a non working
version. I mean that's what I've read.
It's more of a non working version or
some work and some gaps and then
hopefully we get to the final one by
milestone 3. So that's.
Where we are overall.
I think that summarises where we're at as
a team. We were hoping to get some Q&
R.
A maybe,
and maybe we share ideas as a team around
how stuff is working or not working.
And maybe we can collaborate as a broader
Oh, yeah.
group because at the end of the day,
our success is together, not individually.
So that's kind of where we're at.
Hello, how's everybody doing?
Hey, Robin.
Hi. See, I'm late to the party today.
Let me hurry up and share my screen so we
Hey, Robin.
can get started. Everybody doing OK?
Yes.
Yeah.
Second.
So I just probably need to have the what
I've just said replayed again.
It was a good practice run, sorry.
No, you don't have to. I'm sorry,
I'm I'm the one that was late.
So you you all continue.
I'm just sharing my my regular status
meeting questions just as a guideline for
you all and I'll let you all continue.
You all know how to run these meetings
and.
Here's your discussion on I'll just in
the background,
so if you don't need me to,
I can stop my screen share and let you
Yeah.
Yeah, no, I just covered those questions.
What I would ask though, Robin,
all continue.
if it's OK,
is that can we forward the invite to the
actual mentor for these meetings?
Last week we weren't able to get a hold
of him and it was last minute.
I don't see him on the people side of the
invites here if he's meant to attend or
not, so.
Um, uh, OK.
Yep.
Give me one second and I'll get that
going.
Right, no worries. But Robin,
I would say based upon last time and this
OK.
time,
my suggestion at this point is I'm going
to follow up with an e-mail after this
meeting just to type up what we did last
Mm-hmm.
time,
where we are and where our blockers are
to ask advice and I'll send up with a
follow up e-mail.
Pretty sure, you know,
if it's not on his calendar,
Mhm.
it's already 10 past and working
professionals.
I'm sure he would have joined if it was
on his calendar.
So I'll follow up with an e-mail at least
for team one's updates and then if we can
make sure he has the future invites,
that would be great please.
Yes. And I'm going to actually,
I'm in the office right now,
OK.
so I'm going to step out and go talk to
Miss Allen Taylor just to figure out
what's going on.
It definitely could be me.
So we'll just for right now,
we'll say something I did,
we'll figure it out.
It's not you, it's.
And I'll go talk to them and make sure I
I figured out you.
Whoever set up the invite doesn't have
him on,
and that's what's causing maybe the
challenge. It's not your fault, Robin.
We've only started to work together last
week and this week,
so we just need to get him on the invite
so he has it on his calendar. That's all.
No worries at all. Let me,
I'm gonna mute my mic for a second and go
talk to them and I'll let you all discuss
much yourself and I'll be right back. OK,
Sounds good.
perfect.
So like, but I mean, I'm hopefully,
you know,
this is the challenges we've got is
really just the connectivity between
systems and then figuring out the
hallucinations and then candidly trying
to figure out how you narrow down the
subject to get the right kind of
responses.
And then how do you make sure the
response is correct?
Because it seems like Jenish and I were
talking.
Last night it really depends on the LLM
you're using to the quality,
and then the quality of the LM being
better means you have to code less,
and then the lower the quality of the LM,
the more you then have to code.
So it seems to be a bit of a healthy tug
and pull.
Yeah, yeah. So kind of like, yeah,
we've been having kind of the same
challenge. I mean, yeah,
we're still need to connect our pieces
together.
So I know we have Rahim working on the
back end side and the agent side and then
we have Molly working on the database.
They've been working to, you know,
populate all the database with the
synthetic data and then.
Employee is working on the front end side.
So now, yeah,
we just had a meeting yesterday night,
kind of like a brief meeting to go over
like, you know,
how we went to kind of all those pieces
together and then kind of like set up a
working second and all the kind of things.
But yeah, as of now.
You know, like I said,
we did the data setting with like 5000
synthetic records and then the fact
tables and all this kind of things.
And then we also did some query
validation.
So validate the front end of
investigation queries and you know all
those kind of things.
So making sure that like you know we run
the query and then we get proper results
on the databases and also but.
So we'll be working,
continue working on connecting all the
pieces together and this will keep you
all updated on that one. So yeah,
that's the overall update from our team,
so.
Do you have any blockers as well or any
challenges that you're working through?
I think the challenge would be like you
know how we're like you said like how
we're gonna connect all the pieces and
like you know to get the front end and
Here.
the back end and then you know just
making sure that the you know API gets
connected properly and then making sure
we get the correct result right now that
we only get the one LMI think we get the.
Llama version and then might use all the
way now some other version at default
that but you know we'll see like how the
model responses would be you know when
everything is connected together and then
you know.
So that's gonna like I said you know.
Regarding the hallucination and all those
kind of things,
the challenge and all those kind getting
the right answer to all those kind of
things that could be like how we can
register something.
That works.
It sounds like we're in similar,
Yes.
similar avenues.
Mhm.
So, so Lakpo,
So what are you guys planning to do with
your summary part?
Like once you retrieve all the data,
like how like that was my question for
the mentor,
but have you guys thought around like are
you going to display or are you just
gonna put the raw format down into the?
The the front end or like are you gonna
drill down that data and then bring up
like some meaningful insight?
Like what is what are you guys planning?
So yeah, we on that part, yeah,
we're still figuring out like you know
What?
how we,
I can plug in what do you call Raheem is
working on that one to see like do we
wanted to like.
Displayed on the UI or like you know some
other summary.
So we're still working on that part.
So and then also like Raheem or Chloe,
feel free to add if I'm missing anything
on there.
Yeah,
I was thinking of configuring the respond
agent, respond agent.
So how the output should be on the front
end and that's what I was thinking about
it.
Since I'm still not working on the
respond agent,
I was just just thought about that.
I think I will be configuring Uh,
configuring Uh according to our Uh ease
once we get with that.
Yeah, that seems.
So it's not like you're going to feed it
through the LLM and then the LLM will
start like giving out some. I mean,
I don't know what it will give at that
point if you feed in that data set.
So I just, yeah,
I I just didn't know what how to where to
end it, you know what I'm saying like.
You have the the query going on and now
you retrieve something.
Mhm.
Is that like that's where we stop or we
continue further?
I think the since we execute the queries,
I think after that the output we are
getting from LLM, I'm gonna,
I think I will be configuring that all
the outputs.
So how can we put that in a systematic
way so that user can understand it on the
front end?
Doubtful.
I mean,
so you're you're you're more looking into
Yeah.
visualizing whatever the data that you
get back, OK.
Yeah.
Hey guys, I got an update.
So he is on the invitation.
I'm just not sure what's going on.
We're still trying to reach out to him.
I did also reach out to call.
So when you all said that you will e-mail
the transcripts,
anything that you worked on for this week,
definitely please.
To do that,
we're also still going to make sure that
moving forward,
we just do a better job of figuring out
where he is in his schedule,
making sure that you all get the chance
to talk. He is on the invite.
I'm not really sure what's going on,
but we're going to work on that on our
end. So by next meeting we hope.
To have him on,
you all can do get all the updates in
anything else that you need and we'll go
from there.
And my apologies again about this being
the second weekend in a row of that
happening. And just in general,
I know I'm still taking over and learning,
but just want to apologize and let you
all know like this is definitely on me
and I don't.
No, no, I mean, you'll find, you know,
at the end of the day we're we're going
You all and thank you for your patience.
to collaborate as a team anyway. Yeah,
I'm glad there's two teams here. So,
you know, it's all good.
I look forward to hopefully next time.
So I'll plan to send an e-mail update on
my.
OK.
And if you all want to sit and still
My part.
discuss, I'm happy to sit with you all.
If there are any updates that you all
need to go through or anything,
you're free to sit in this session and do
that.
And I'm fine with staying and sitting,
still just going to figure out what's
going on.
No worries.
We were just chewing through some of the
problems.
So from from a summary I suppose it's at
what point do you narrow the data sets
and problem sets and then how do we then
revert back to then present the right
level of information.
So do we do it on the?
UI side on the you know interpretation
side through the agents before passing to
the LM and then after the LM it's this
really is a how complicated you want to
make this thing and then how much costing
we have. That's what I'm rapidly learning.
Yeah.
The scale will probably if it was in a
big company we will be be very.
Narrow on the usage because the cost
would be nuts,
but if it's in a small company then
that's probably an equation.
So but anyway.
Right.
You guys have y'all.
Y'all's project sounds amazing.
Y'all have a lot going into it.
I'm really excited to see what's what is
to come. It looks like we meet biweekly,
so the next meeting would be on the 20th.
Yes.
We were canceling all the meetings for
spring break, so.
The 20th same time noon.
Yeah, it should be. It should be,
I believe.
I believe at that point we're at a
milestone to update, so.
Yeah. And I'm gonna actually,
just because of what's been going on,
I'm if it's OK with you all,
I'll see if we can push the milestone
back maybe a week or two just to give you
all, you know,
just to make sure like one meeting to
actually speak with each other and then
do the milestone just so you, you know,
that's not just to make sure that you all
are are ready.
If you all are OK with that,
or if you feel that you'll be ready to do
the milestone on the 20th, that's fine.
But I'm just because of everything that's
been going on,
let let me know what you all would prefer.
So Lakpa, my suggestion is,
is that we're not meant to be having a
fully working version for Milestone 2.
I feel comfortable,
at least for my team to be able to share
where they are still on schedule.
Are you OK with staying the same schedule
or do you need more time?
Yeah, I think, yeah,
Autumn is good with staying on the same
schedule as well. But yeah, we'll,
we'll let you know. I think, yeah, Tim,
is it OK?
Like if we stay on the same schedule,
definitely take everyone's feedback on
that.
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
I think that's, yeah,
that sounds fine to me as well.
Nothing. OK. OK. Yeah.
Yeah, that's not good.
You guys are actually rock stars. Amazing.
OK, just plan for it to.
I don't want to say to be extra long,
but that way,
just after you all give your presentation,
really take time to discuss if there are
any things that you all need to work
through. However, you know,
just maybe 15 or 20 extra minutes just so
you all can make sure that you all are.
Or getting that as well and I'll be sure
to update you all in the group chat or
through e-mail on confirmation of if the
milestone meeting and that Mister Hosara
will be in attendance.
But pending that,
do you all need anything else for me?
No, you're all good. Thank you very much.
And I think I'm there for team two,
for team one at least.
I think we're good for today.
Yeah,
I think you have good for today as well.
So, yeah,
and then we'll share the update with the
sponsor as well. So after this meeting.
Perfect. All right.
Thank you all. Y'all have a good weekend.
Y'all have a great spring break.
Thank you, guys.
Appreciate your patience with us and
y'all have a good one. OK.
Take care. Bye-bye.
All right. Yeah. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you.
Thank you everybody.
Thank you guys. See ya.
Bye.
Thank you. Bye.